This lesson we're going to be going over more details about arrays.
So previously we saw that there was a number of data types that are in javascript and noticed that array
actually isn't a data type.
So if we do our type of method and we specify task which is our array from our code and we see that
we get return back that it's actually an object.
So it's not actually an array type.
It's an object but it's a special type of object.
And we're going to be looking at objects in more detail in the upcoming lessons as well.
There is another built in method that I want to take a quick look at and this one is called array is
array and this actually lets us check to see if a value of an array is an actual or an array.
So all we need to do is answer the phone I re between the rounded brackets.
So passing it as a value within this method and we can see that it gets returned back.
That this is true.
So this is an actual array.
If we take an item from that array we can get returned back and we see that this is actually false because
that item within that array is not an array of itself and we can also when it comes to race we can actually
put arrays within themselves as well.
And then I was showing you that as well coming up in the upcoming lessons.
So next let's go back to Type of and task and we'll specify that we can actually see the different items
in the array and we can see all of their data types.
So we can specify that when we select typeof.
So we see that all of those items are treated as separate values and they've got their own properties
associated with them.
So I know that this one is a string.
And obviously this is a string because we've got the quotes around it and we can have multiple different
data types contained within the array.
So the array is just a collection of items that we can use to store multiple values within one variable.
The next lesson has another exercise coming up.